IP ranges (#29593)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/llm_observability/evaluations/ootb_evaluations.md

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/llm/settings/integrations
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> If your LLM provider is restricting IP addresses, you can get the necessary IP ranges by navigating to [this website][5], selecting your `Datadog Site`, pasting the `GET` URL to your browser and copying the `webhooks` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your LLM provider restricts IP addresses, you can obtain the required IP ranges by visiting [Datadog's IP ranges documentation][5], selecting your `Datadog Site`, pasting the `GET` URL into your browser, and copying the `webhooks` section.
```

The variables dictionary should contain the key-value pairs your app uses to construct the LLM input prompt (for example, the messages for an OpenAI chat completion request). Set `rag_query_variables` and `rag_context_variables` to indicate which variables constitute the query and the context, respectively. A list of variables is allowed to account for cases where multiple variables make up the context (for example, multiple articles retrieved from a knowledge base).

> Hallucination detection does not run if either the rag query, the rag context or the span output is empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hallucination detection does not run if either the rag query, the rag context, or the span output is empty.
```
